Docs: Add section about provenance attestation for github pipelines (#1475)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/publish-a-plugin/build-automation.md

## Download the release zip file

Access the final release zip file directly from the GitHub repository release path (for example, `https://github.com/org/plugin-id/releases`).

## Provenance attestation for plugin builds

Provenance attestation, that is, _a feature that generating verifiable records of the build's origin and process_,  enhances the security of your plugin builds. This feature allows users to confirm that the plugin they are installing was created through your official build pipeline.

> Currently, this feature is available only with GitHub Actions. While we recommend using GitHub Actions with provenance attestation for improved security, you can still build and distribute plugins using other CI/CD platforms or manual methods.

Reviewer: Probably also should mention - public repositories only 

> artifact attestations are only available for public repositories

https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-for-github-actions/using-artifact-attestations/using-artifact-attestations-to-establish-provenance-for-builds

Access the final release zip file directly from the GitHub repository release path (e.g. https://github.com/org/plugin-id/releases).

## Provenance attestation for plugin builds

> Provenance attestation adds a layer of security to your plugin builds by creating verifiable records of where and how your plugin was built. This helps users validate that the plugin they're installing was built through your official build process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provenance attestation, that is, _a feature that generating verifiable records of the build's origin and process_,  enhances the security of your plugin builds. This feature allows users to confirm that the plugin they are installing was created through your official build pipeline.
```

> This feature is currently only available when using GitHub Actions. While using GitHub Actions with provenance attestation is recommended for enhanced security, you can still build and distribute plugins using other CI/CD platforms or manual processes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, this feature is available only with GitHub Actions. While we recommend using GitHub Actions with provenance attestation for improved security, you can still build and distribute plugins using other CI/CD platforms or manual methods.
```

### Enable provenance attestation

To enable provenance attestation in your existing GitHub Actions workflow:

1. Add required permissions to your workflow job:

```yaml
permissions:
  id-token: write
  contents: write
  attestations: write
```

> 2. Enable attestation in the build-plugin action:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Enable attestation in the `build-plugin` action:
```

```yaml
- uses: grafana/plugin-actions/build-plugin@main
  with:
    policy_token: ${{ secrets.GRAFANA_ACCESS_POLICY_TOKEN }}
    attestation: true
```

The workflow will generate attestations automatically when building your plugin zip file.

> ### Troubleshooting provenance attestation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Troubleshoot provenance attestation
```

If you encounter errors in the plugin validator or your plugin submission like these:

> - `No provenance attestation. This plugin was built without build verification`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "No provenance attestation. This plugin was built without build verification."
```

> - `Cannot verify plugin build`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "Cannot verify plugin build."
```

Reviewer 2: If the error message itself uses backticks then you can ignore these suggestions.
